Add Scoop installation methods for Windows (#230)
apple/swift-org-website: getting-started/_installing.md

The [Windows Package Manager](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/package-manager/) can be found in the [App Store](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/p/app-installer/9nblggh4nns1) or be [installed directly](ms-appinstaller:?source=https://aka.ms/getwinget).

#### Install using Scoop

~~~ pwsh
# Optional: Needed to run a remote script the first time
Set-ExecutionPolicy RemoteSigned -Scope CurrentUser
# Command for installing scoop
Invoke-RestMethod -Url 'get.scoop.sh' | Invoke-Expression

> ~~~

Reviewer: This is confusing here.  These are the instructions for installing using the Windows Package Manager.  Perhaps we should clarify that you can install these tools using documentation pointers?

Author: Yes, I should have clarified that in the document. I'll fix it as soon as I can.

Author: It looks fixed already, looks good here.

0. Install required dependencies:

>    The platform dependencies cannot be installed through the Windows Package Manager as the install rules do not install the components necessary.  They will be installed through Visual Studio installer.

Reviewer: This seems a bit confusing now with two options.

```suggestion
   The platform dependencies cannot be installed through the currently supported package managers as the install rules do not install the components necessary.  They will be installed through Visual Studio installer.
```

   del /q vs_community.exe
   ~~~

   #### With Scoop:
   ~~~ pwsh
   # Scoop already comes pre-installed with Git, so no need to re-install it.
   scoop bucket add versions
   scoop install python310

   curl -sOL https://aka.ms/vs/16/release/vs_community.exe
   start /w vs_community.exe --passive --wait --norestart --nocache ^
     --installPath "%ProgramFiles(x86)%\Microsoft Visual Studio\2019\Community" ^
     --add Microsoft.VisualStudio.Component.Windows10SDK.19041 ^
     --add Microsoft.VisualStudio.Component.VC.Tools.x86.x64
   del /q vs_community.exe
   ~~~

   Start up a new Command Prompt/Powershell Prompt and install the Python library six.

   ~~~ cmd
   pip install six
   ~~~

1. Install Swift:

   Swift can be installed through the official installer directly, or using the Windows Package Manager as well.  Notice that Windows Package Manager release may be behind the official release.

   * Using the official installer:
     1. Download the [latest package release](/download).
     2. Run the package installer.

   * Using the Windows Package Manager:
     ~~~ cmd
     winget install Swift.Toolchain
     ~~~

>    * Using the Windows Package Manager:

Reviewer: I think that this should be "Using Scoop"?

```suggestion
   * Using Scoop:
```

Author: Yes, my bad.
